Copy old docs (#7)
pgruetter/sdl-docs: docs/reference/executionPhases.md

---
id: executionPhases
title: Execution Phases
---

### Early validation
Execution of a SmartDataLakeBuilder run is designed with "early validation" in mind. This means it tries to fail as early as possible if something is wrong.

The following phases are involved during each execution:
1. **Parse configuration**:   
Parses and validates your configuration files    
This step fails if there is anything wrong with your configuration, i.e. if a required attribute is missing or a whole block like `actions {}` is missing or misspelled.

> There's also a neat feature that will warn you of typos and will suggest correct spellings if it can.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There's also a neat feature that will warn you of typos and will suggest spelling corrections if it can.
```
